Everyone welcome.
And in the event the U.S. will code now some partitioning problems.
And those are also very famous problems.
This is one example of such a problem.
And we will see how many parties in problems are there.
We see some various examples and in the assignments you can solve those problems.
So this is a good problem for us.
But called alphacode and.
Very famous as well.
So, listen, we need to synchronize to each other and are discussing ways to encode their messages.
He's a smart, small conversation.
And let's let's just use a very simple code will assign the code one, be the code two.
And so down that being as I understand it.
Well, basically they have mapped.
We keep on writing also.
There is one.
They want to send a message and they have they are encoding their message into.
Numbers, though Bob says that's not a good code.
Suppose I say I knew the word being encoded as, ooh, 5114.
You're going to call it in many different ways.
Eight.
If so, how can 25114 really go in many different ways?
And this you you could but what words would you get other than being you had good we e okay so how is
our we are getting in from this let's see this two is B.
Obviously.
So here we are, partitioning it.
Okay.
Is 2511 or one partition?
It can partition, partition and fold partition.
This is b, e, e and eight.
Now there can be different ways of partitioning it.
Let's see some other ways as well.
So the next what he says is can be be it.
That means all of them are single partitions.
This becomes beed8.
Either one can be violated by all this.
25 is by ee ee ee ee two by 80.
Basically we are partitioning our string here in that case and which is indirectly a number, but it's
a string let's say, and we are partitioning it such that all the partitions lie between one and 26
and we are we are trying to find out various different ways of partitioning it, but it says I think
you would be able to figured out the correct decoding.
And why would you send me the word being anyway?
Okay, so maybe that's a bad example, but if you that if you go to the string of length 5000, the
good returns are different encoding and with that many you would find at least two different ones.
Okay.
So at least as a simple question, how many different according to possible if I if Bob sends him some
words.
But for some reason, Allison's unconvinced.
And she wants a he wants you to decode the strings and tell how many different recordings are possible.
So will not only decode the string, we will also bring all possible recordings to logistic a follow
problem on LS and see how to approach the partitioning problems.
The input would consider multiple inputs.
Okay.
That is an input though.
This is a first input.
Second input for input.
And finally, when we get a zero, the program will terminate and the answers will be within the range
of 60 would sign in detail.
So just remember.
Let's just stick in bed long, long and cool.
And the next season it's this is the example.
Caputo before moving on to the audience and discuss the problem.
So what we will do is in these types of problems, we will simply.
Right.
And we'll see.
In Italy, we're on the zero eight.
Oh, let's call it, I think in Italy.
My eyes over here.
So the two of you are on I and this I can be anywhere in this ring.
We all know what every dining room problem we can imagine.
We are on the bus.
We are on the last row.
We are somewhere in the middle.
The same negative relation hold.
Just think about.
You are somewhere in this thing.
What all options do you have?
And then you can take this character.
You can take this connector only if it is between one and nine.
So you cannot take this character itself if it is a zero character.
I hope you are getting the point.
So let's say it was 20114.
So this zero, we cannot take this zero individually.
We have to take this the zero with the two eight.
So in that case, we just have a normal check that if it is a two good.
Now tell me how many different in the encoding the possible from a plus one.
Right.
So this becomes the API is equal to DP plus one.
And now.
This this A-plus plan is only possible if if this current number will, of course, have a check whenever
you are calling, I plus one will have this check that if the number is between one in nine, that means
this one in nine can convert into any of these single digits.
Eight.
So is what is one BS to go underline?
That means it can be converted.
That is a one option that I have.
The second option is.
Instead of taking one number, what I can do is I can do two numbers.
That means I can make a partition activity sticker number like this and see.
Now tell me.
What is their defending coatings possible from A-plus?
That means of destroying A-plus.
From A to do it to basically what was meant to be functioning a little deeper.
It represents, but often coatings.
Our recordings.
Possible.
In spring I bill and I basically the suffix.
It started I get into the how many things are possible and that we can see itself at the beginning.
Take one character and then we can take one character.
But it will have a simple check.
The check is nothing, but the character should be between one and nine.
And we will get this.
Or we can take two characters with a simple take.
Again, that the body characters come combined are greater than one and less than 26, if any character.
Let's see.
Okay.
Let me give you a quick example.
Let's let's initially I made this partition.
That means I took only two.
And I'm asking how many different ways are there from five and one and four?
I cannot take five in one together because 51 does not represent any of the numbers.
I just need to check if I'm taking some two numbers in a plus one.
They should be between one in 26.
And so these are some small, small things that we can do so that this becomes my new recursive relation.
This function will only be called with the check.
Again, this function will only be called with a check.
So this is kind of an easy problem because there's nothing much that we need to think about it.
We just have to what?
Any dining room problem?
What we have to do is we have to just figure out the options we have.
If it's about taking option, ignore option, find out different.
If there are many different actions that we can take all the actions and combine them.
So this was a very simple problem.
And in this case, let me quickly draw.
Let me be clear.
The streets are -- in which in five different recordings in this show, as you can see, the answer
for this is six.
Right.
It is two.
511482.
I'll start from my let's see how the how medication will go ahead of us.
It will try to take to into the place and then what it will do is it will make a partition here.
One partition is.
Two is already taken, which is kind of represented as be eight.
And I have five and one four.
Basically I have 5114 to be partition.
And it can can be.
23.
So I'm thinking 25 is one that means this is my partition right now.
I'm making this as a partition and the remaining that I have is one, one and four.
Okay, let me write the characters as well.
Now, let's talk about this.
So I cannot take 51 together.
So in this case, what I can do is I can only take five as an individual character.
So if I'm taking five in an individual character, it is eight.
This will give me B, E, and what strings I will be left with 1148.
I cannot take 51 times.
So in this case, I cannot make a S.R.O. which is taking two together.
In this case I can take one which is via E and one for Rosa remain in character.
The second is Y 11, eight towards 11.
Let me quickly check.
Yeah.
11 should be okay.
Well, so v e and I have four as a remaining string.
Eight in the next day.
What will happen?
This be?
This moment will be.
It will try to divide into two parts again.
And.
I won't.
Yeah.
One one for you.
Buy a Viking here.
One for his left.
Here.
For his left.
Emily, what will happen then?
We already home right now.
Only I have this string, which is 114.
As you can see, 114 was already divided into two parts of it here eight.
But it will be the same structure, but this time it will be with B and E, but it is P, e, e and
one for advice it will be b, e e and what I hope we are getting this.
Now you can easily see here, although it is one foot here for one foot and foot.
Basically, what will happen, this substructure of one one foot will repeat, but initially it will
be in the second time it will appear with very.
And this three will further break down.
Let let me break it down because it's not.
Huge.
Yeah.
So now this can be divided into B, E is already there.
So one in four eight and there I can take one individually, which is E and I will have a string for.
Otherwise I can take one in four together.
So which is b e and what should be in eight?
And in this case, what will happen?
I only a single string which is four.
So it will be b e key and four is a b, c, d eight.
And finally, this will be divided into B, C, D and being b, e, d, we have got.
And similarly, this will be for the.
Look down in Dubai.
E What will be remaining and vi.
E And 14 is an eight.
So we have one, two, three here.
Similarly, we'll have Venezia.
This will break down into why a D.
And this before the breakdown in the wiki.
We have all six here eight.
I hope are getting how am I trying to partition it where I'm trying to keep a block and figuring out
the answer for the for the strength route.
So when it whenever we reach on the leave not 11, one and above, we'll just add the number of is will.
So in the next part, what we'll do is we'll quickly code this, but I would strongly suggest that you
call it yourself because it's very easy.
Eight And I hope you understood how this if three unfolds, we always have two options, either one
or two, and we just need to make a check that is the one possible.
Is the two possible.
If both of them are not possible, not go forward, it will return zero.
Otherwise we'll go forward and ask for the number of it.
It.
Those in the next fight.
Thank you.